README.md, before:

learning-clojure
================

Learning Clojure

I'm working through the book "Clojure Programming" by Chas Emeric, and Brian Carper:

Learning Clojure book's [website](http://www.clojurebook.com/).
Source code [website](https://github.com/clojurebook/ClojureProgramming/).


I'm basically following a method where you learn a language or a library by testing trying examples using unit testiting.  This produces executable examples that can be used as a executable repository of knowledge.  Anything I find intresting or useful in the future I'll add as examples or experiments to this repository.

I got this idea from a blog post by Jay Fields: [post](http://blog.jayfields.com/2010/08/clojuretest-introduction.html).
Also see a post by Mike Clark: [post](http://pragmaticstudio.com/blog/2005/3/18/ruby-learning-test-1-are-you-there-world) where he descibes how he leaned ruby.

I'm using the Midje unit testing library.[website](https://github.com/marick/Midje/wiki). It seems to be an excellent testing library for an exploratory programming style. Check out this [document](https://github.com/marick/Midje/wiki/The-idea-behind-top-down-development), and [this](https://github.com/marick/Midje/wiki/Describing-one-checkable%27s-prerequisites), also this [video](http://vimeo.com/19404746) for an excellent demo of this style.

This test first style of learning is similar to one taught in the text book "How to Design Programms" [website](http://htdp.org/).

Ed

Commit message:

Update readme for Brave and True.

README.md, after:

learning-clojure
================

Learning Clojure

I'm working through the book "Clojure Programming" by Chas Emeric, and Brian Carper:

Learning Clojure book's [website](http://www.clojurebook.com/).
Source code [website](https://github.com/clojurebook/ClojureProgramming/).


I'm basically following a method where you learn a language or a library by testing trying examples using unit testiting.  This produces executable examples that can be used as a executable repository of knowledge.  Anything I find intresting or useful in the future I'll add as examples or experiments to this repository.

I got this idea from a blog post by Jay Fields: [post](http://blog.jayfields.com/2010/08/clojuretest-introduction.html).
Also see a post by Mike Clark: [post](http://pragmaticstudio.com/blog/2005/3/18/ruby-learning-test-1-are-you-there-world) where he descibes how he leaned ruby.

I'm using the Midje unit testing library.[website](https://github.com/marick/Midje/wiki). It seems to be an excellent testing library for an exploratory programming style. Check out this [document](https://github.com/marick/Midje/wiki/The-idea-behind-top-down-development), and [this](https://github.com/marick/Midje/wiki/Describing-one-checkable%27s-prerequisites), also this [video](http://vimeo.com/19404746) for an excellent demo of this style.

This test first style of learning is similar to one taught in the text book "How to Design Programms" [website](http://htdp.org/).

Also adding exercises for Clojure for the Brave and True: [website](http://www.braveclojure.com/)

Also using Midje to test and provide executable examples

Ed
